Hahaha Citi Month
Your little white face
There is no bragging tone itself.
It's really not small.
Last battle
It's a loss that he really dares to grab it, don't teach him a lesson
What a loser
You kick your nose in the face.
Second cousin?
This kid is so virtuous
Wait until I go up and tear his mouth apart
Let's see if he still dares to be arrogant
Is it difficult to have hundreds of millions of combat power?
Otherwise, throughout the history of Dragon
There are only tens of thousands of combat forces
And there is only one person with hundreds of millions of combat power
That's Tiandoulong Shuai
If you really have 100 million combat power
It's no use getting down on my knees and calling you
Sure, then I'm interested.
Mr. Li is downstairs
A person's standing is equivalent to his identity
Can't be kidding.
Lord Feng Minghou
It's too late for you to remind him now
Since ancient times, it has been clearly stipulated
Shangyi combat officer Long Xiaguoyuan took the report to the head of state
Everyone in the arena must exercise the power of a rider
If anyone dares to speak
He committed the three deadly sins of seven armies and seven countries
That being the case
You are not quick to use your hands
Death is imminent without knowing it
This young master has informed my father to go to the center to report to the head of state
Said I found out that you were just boasting
Will definitely put you there
government
Lack of a clear understanding of oneself
How dare you speak out here
As expected of the garbage abandoned by my Sun Yani
Really handsome
Sir, let's ignore him
Hua Qiyue, I will be in front of you today
Tear off his fig leaf
Discredit him
Let him know the consequences of offending this beast
Ling Ce, why don't you listen to advice?
You're definitely setting yourself on fire
True dragon goes to sea
Kirin heads up
Doubts such as Zhorong Er
overreach
I bet his combat power won't exceed 250
Zhou Gongzi, you are too flattering him, right?
He's a mess.
No fighting power at all